is it possible to have one of the possible
tool tea party forms
advanced camera statistics
betting
we by then I want to compare the
chelsea de josé mourinho com chelsea e
without josé amorim
Only now with José Mourinho, chelsea.
can score more goals
Will it be that with José Mourinho the chelsea
can win more games are
questions we can answer
quickly through a consultation by
signal it to the camera database
of the door how can we do
that
prepare if we get confused by
top of this colorado with statistics
It seems to us an option here is that it is
advanced searches we click on this
option will appear here a table
that we can customize in order to
we can the statistics we want
the base used in the door camera nodes
we want to briefly compare the
chelsea is team we want to compare the
chelsea in two periods of time and
that's the face see here chelsea at 2 in
two squares
Let's say we want to see the route
chelsea for example only at the premiere
league only in the a1gp championship is
is the behavior with the amorim and without
amorim josé mourinho took over
of the team this season in 2013 2014 both
here we did not arrive at this first
pasted Let's teach the period without Jose
mourinho
let's the oldest date we have here
in our database of 2009 2010 the
chelsea was the champion last year with
chelsea was champion was the growth
this time and the deadline for this
consultation will be 2012 2013
both the time before those of Mourinho
assume to be is the sky
we want to enter the refresh button and it's
leaked out a series of calculations
then analyzes chelsea's course and
masters 2 - of the time 2009 2010
in 2013 this time by comparison
we can see that it is for example
chelsea and score fewer goals
it's time that the market is just to score
a point 8 goals per game while before
chelsea scored more than two goals per
game on average
however this also tells us that
despite this fact despite the chances of
score fewer goals chelsea win more
look at this time leave the woman Joseph
mourinho took control of the team the
chelsea disease in 65% of games
whereas before the chelsea
in 58% of games and also for less
for the saints
chelsea could not even 21% of the games or
one in five games for the
championship chelsea for me while
now this average near more than one in
every 10 2% of the games chelsea asks
for the championship with us amorim is
explore this tool is the shirt
bets that I promise to make more videos
similar to those for call you
demonstrate possible ways of taking
of this fantastic tool that
we have at our disposal is
that in my bets